So your security.
The most important thing in any online start is the security.
So let's see what is secure connection.
It's really important that in any section where the users Hamid's sensitive data such as great gaps
is there a secure connection.
It should be as encodes sensitive data.
Protect the privacy and integrity of these data.
Preventing that someone can intercept and steal these Their so of your what is SSL that gives us a good
layer is used by the BE to provide privacy and data integrity between communications.
If you open a browser and you open your aside greed is going to last a flash decide that come your web
site is using an SSL connection in the other hand if the browser throws an error.
You need to have SSL certificate for secure connections
but maybe you have this question Do I need as is said certificate for my website.
If the user will submit sensitive data such as credit cards in your website you need a sense of defecate
if you are using Paypal or know that payment gateway where you perform the payment in their site you
need their certificate by having that one card and is recommended
if you're restoring credit card information in our database.
Definitely you should use SSL certificate
so can you acquire ises sell certificate.
Most of the hosting companies sell SSL certificates also if you ask them they will install the certificate
for you which is recommended to avoid problems.
But between SSL certificates make Barri depending on the level support and other features.
There are some free options like let's creep and which you can manage for on the net in your settlement.
So remember if you're taking money out of payments you must in-style there is he said certificate.